mon: manage endpoints containing set of mon ip addresses (#15522)
rook/rook: Documentation/Storage-Configuration/Advanced/ceph-mon-health.md

- `spec.network.Provider` : When updated from being empty to "host", Rook fails over all monitors, configuring them to enable or disable host networking.
- `spec.network.multiClusterService`: When enabled or disabled, Rook fails over all monitors, configuring them to start (or stop) using service IPs compatible with the multi-cluster service.

## Tracking Mon Endpoints

An Endpoints resource provides dynamic DNS resolution, allowing clients to resolve mon endpoints via DNS without requiring manual updates. Dynamic DNS resolution helps address challenges such as virtual machine live migration by ensuring seamless and automatic updates to mon endpoint addresses. The Ceph client can connect to `rook-ceph-active-mons.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local` to dynamically resolve mon endpoints and receive automatic updates when mon IPs change.

> To enable the dynamic DNS resolution, create a headless service that references this endpoints resource. Below is the required configuration for the headless service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the dynamic DNS resolution, create a headless service that references this endpoint slice resource. Below is the required configuration for the headless service:
```

- `spec.network.Provider` : When updated from being empty to "host", Rook fails over all monitors, configuring them to enable or disable host networking.
- `spec.network.multiClusterService`: When enabled or disabled, Rook fails over all monitors, configuring them to start (or stop) using service IPs compatible with the multi-cluster service.

## Tracking Mon Endpoints

> Rook manages a ConfigMap that contains the current set of Ceph monitor IPs, which Ceph clients can use to retrieve mon endpoint data.

Reviewer: We have always considered the mon endpoints configmap an internal detail and have not documented it. While I don't expect it to ever change, what if we remove lines 130-135 from this doc and just focus on documenting the new endpoints resource?

```bash
kubectl get cm -n rook-ceph rook-ceph-mon-endpoints -o=jsonpath="{.data.data}"
f=10.233.1.212:6789,c=10.233.49.126:6789,a=10.233.37.99:6789
```

> Alternatively, an Endpoints resource provides dynamic DNS resolution, allowing clients to resolve mon endpoints via DNS without requiring manual updates. Dynamic DNS resolution helps address challenges such as virtual machine live migration by ensuring seamless and automatic updates to mon endpoint addresses. The Ceph client can read the information from the ConfigMap or connect to `rook-ceph-active-mons.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local` to dynamically resolve mon endpoints and receive automatic updates when mon IPs change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An Endpoints resource provides dynamic DNS resolution, allowing clients to resolve mon endpoints via DNS without requiring manual updates. Dynamic DNS resolution helps address challenges such as virtual machine live migration by ensuring seamless and automatic updates to mon endpoint addresses. The Ceph client can read the information from the ConfigMap or connect to `rook-ceph-active-mons.<namespace>.svc.cluster.local` to dynamically resolve mon endpoints and receive automatic updates when mon IPs change.
```

> For dynamic DNS resolution to function correctly, the Rook administrator must manually create a headless service. Below is the required configuration for the headless service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the dynamic DNS resolution, create a headless service that references this endpoints resource. Below is the required configuration for the headless service:
```
